Clarification on late competitors to rounds with cumulative time limits (#1027)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

- 2t) Each competitor must be familiar with and understand the WCA Regulations before the competition.
- 2u) Competitors must be present and ready to compete when they are called to compete for an attempt. Penalty: disqualification from the event.
    - 2u1) Exception: A competitor who is not present in time for an individually scheduled attempt (e.g. a 3x3x3 Fewest Moves attempt, a 3x3x3 Multi-Blind attempt) may be considered to have declined that attempt (DNS), at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

>     - 2u2) Exception: A competitor who arrives late for a round where a cumulative time limit is applied may compete with a reduced cumulative time limit, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Reviewer: Small rewording suggestion to help make it easier to understand the sentence for non-native English speakers.
```suggestion
    - 2u2) Exception: For rounds with a cumulative time limit, a competitor who arrives late may compete with a reduced cumulative time limit, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
```
